Add server extension (#482)
quarkiverse/quarkus-openapi-generator: server/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Quarkus - Openapi Generator - Server
:extension-status: preview

> WARNING: This is the instructions for the latest SNAPSHOT version (main branch). Please, see the https://github.com/quarkiverse/quarkus-openapi-generator/blob/1.0.1/README.md[latest **released** documentation] if you are looking for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: This is the instructions for the latest SNAPSHOT version (main branch). Please, see the [latest **released** documentation](https://docs.quarkiverse.io/quarkus-openapi-generator/dev/index.html) if you are looking for instructions.
```
